Usage: kitten @ [global options] [sub-command] [sub-command options] [sub-command args]

Control kitty by sending it commands. Set the allow_remote_control option in
kitty.conf for this to work. When run without any sub-commands this will start
an interactive shell to control kitty.

Commands:
   action
    Run the specified mappable action
   close-tab
    Close the specified tabs
   close-window
    Close the specified windows
   create-marker
    Create a marker that highlights specified text
   detach-tab
    Detach the specified tabs and place them in a different/new OS window
   detach-window
    Detach the specified windows and place them in a different/new tab
   disable-ligatures
    Control ligature rendering
   env
    Change environment variables seen by future children
   focus-tab
    Focus the specified tab
   focus-window
    Focus the specified window
   get-colors
    Get terminal colors
   get-text
    Get text from the specified window
   goto-layout
    Set the window layout
   kitten
    Run a kitten
   last-used-layout
    Switch to the last used layout
   launch
    Run an arbitrary process in a new window/tab
   load-config
    (Re)load a config file
   ls
    List tabs/windows
   new-window
    Open new window
   remove-marker
    Remove the currently set marker, if any.
   resize-os-window
    Resize the specified OS Windows
   resize-window
    Resize the specified windows
   run
    Run a program on the computer in which kitty is running and get the output
   scroll-window
    Scroll the specified windows
   select-window
    Visually select a window in the specified tab
   send-key
    Send arbitrary key presses to the specified windows
   send-text
    Send arbitrary text to specified windows
   set-background-image
    Set the background image
   set-background-opacity
    Set the background opacity
   set-colors
    Set terminal colors
   set-enabled-layouts
    Set the enabled layouts in tabs
   set-font-size
    Set the font size in the active top-level OS window
   set-spacing
    Set window paddings and margins
   set-tab-color
    Change the color of the specified tabs in the tab bar
   set-tab-title
    Set the tab title
   set-user-vars
    Set user variables on a window
   set-window-logo
    Set the window logo
   set-window-title
    Set the window title
   signal-child
    Send a signal to the foreground process in the specified windows

Get help for an individual command by running:
    kitten @ command -h

Global options:
  --to
    An address for the kitty instance to control. Corresponds to the address
    given to the kitty instance via the --listen-on option or the listen_on
    setting in kitty.conf. If not specified, the environment variable
    KITTY_LISTEN_ON is checked. If that is also not found, messages are sent to
    the controlling terminal for this process, i.e. they will only work if this
    process is run within a kitty window.

  --password
    A password to use when contacting kitty. This will cause kitty to ask the
    user for permission to perform the specified action, unless the password has
    been accepted before or is pre-configured in kitty.conf. To use a blank
    password specify --use-password as always.

  --password-file [=rc-pass]
    A file from which to read the password. Trailing whitespace is ignored.
    Relative paths are resolved from the kitty configuration directory. Use - to
    read from STDIN. Use fd:num to read from the file descriptor num. Used if no
    --password is supplied. Defaults to checking for the rc-pass file in the
    kitty configuration directory.

  --password-env [=KITTY_RC_PASSWORD]
    The name of an environment variable to read the password from. Used if no
    --password-file is supplied. Defaults to checking the environment variable
    KITTY_RC_PASSWORD.

  --use-password [=if-available]
    If no password is available, kitty will usually just send the remote control
    command without a password. This option can be used to force it to always or
    never use the supplied password. If set to always and no password is
    provided, the blank password is used.
    Choices: if-available, always, never

Options:
  --help, -h
    Show help for this command

kitten @ 0.37.0 created by Kovid Goyal
